# The name of my game is called How Fast Are You?
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/7P5fAiL44Yo
#### Description: Hello, my name is Martravius Scandrick. I live in Atlanta Georgia and coming to the end of this course I had a pretty good idea to what my Final Project was goinf to look like. As a person who's been up and down with coding over the years of my life and being a person who loves to play video games, I decided why not create soemthing that test your reaction time. Being a controller type of player and Pc on the rise, it's a way to kind of test your hands with mouse and keyboard. I decided to go with Java, HTML, & CSS for my final project because I felt a little more comfortable with the commands and how to run the system.My CSS files are pretty basic with anyone being able to differientiate with the color scheme and what to click on. In my scrtip file I wanted the game to be random because in real game situations you never know where youll have to aim since its based on reaction. My index file is pretty short with just labeling eveyrthing what I want it to be. I had a lot of debating with myself when it came to choosing this project. I wanted to make a project creating a video game or even app but i heard it can be pretty hard and extensive when you're just learning. I hope that with the knowledge I have now that I can go back and create something because that's the ultimate goal. I also thought about doing an in depth website so that I could help someone create webpages for their ideas. Breaking down every little part of my code can be a little hard when its not much to talk about but I will try my best. Starting off in the index file you have your overlay of what the user should be looking at which is the title, and the start button to start the game. In my script file is where all the magic happens. you have to where the dot will be moving, you have the time for every time that you click on the dot and also the elements of making the game function. In my css file you have the box and the cirle color where I went with two colors that you can easily tell apart from each other. Another thought I could have given was what if the person is color blind so its always best to play it safe and do whats best for the people.